Editorial review: Document enterPictureInPictureReason parameter … (#44497)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document_picture-in-picture_api/index.md

See [Using the Document Picture-in-Picture API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API/Using) for a detailed usage guide.

> [!NOTE]
> You can run code when the always-on-top window is programmatically opened using the {{domxref("DocumentPictureInPicture.enter_event", "enter")}} event. However, this doesn't cover situations where the browser itself (rather than a website) triggers moving content into the always-on-top window. This can occur, for example, due to the content being occulded by the displayed tab being switched, or by the user selecting a "picture-in-picture" option from some relevant content's context menu or the browser chrome.
>

> > You can run code in response to such actions by setting up a media session action handler via {{domxref("MediaSession.setActionHandler()")}} with a `type` of `enterpictureinpicture`.

Reviewer: Thanks @chrisdavidmills - if it is true that you don't get the API-specific events when the windows are occluded this is better.

I think that as is it might mean that we programmatically open using the event rather than we run code by handling the event. I'd also do content occluded OR tab being switched - yes, both are occlusions, but there are other ways you might occlude (I tested it by moving an app in front of the browser).

Again, just a suggestion, and if you agree, needs to apply in both places. 

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> You can run code when the always-on-top window is programmatically opened, using the {{domxref("DocumentPictureInPicture.enter_event", "enter")}} event. However, this event isn't fired when the browser itself (rather than your code) triggers moving content into the always-on-top window. This can occur, for example, due to the content being occulded, by the displayed tab being switched, or by the user selecting a "picture-in-picture" option from some relevant content's context menu or the browser chrome.
>
> In order to run code in response to such actions, set up a media session action handler using {{domxref("MediaSession.setActionHandler()")}} with a `type` of `enterpictureinpicture`.
```

Author: The suggestion looks good. I've applied it in both places.
